Error handling (#5346)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/general/error-handling.md

# Error handling

> A flexible way of error handling is essential for a framework like Vue Storefront. As factories of composables are hearth of our core - we decided to put there whole error handling mechanism.

Reviewer: Factories are internal functionality. Most of the users reading the docs that never got that deep will not be aware of what they are and could get confused

# Error handling

A flexible way of error handling is essential for a framework like Vue Storefront. As composables are hearth of our app - we decided to put there whole error handling mechanism.

Each composable returns `error` - computed property. It is an object which has names of async functions from composable as keys and Error instance or null as a value. 

Example usage:
```vue
<template>
  <button @click="addToCart(product)">Add to cart</button>
  <div v-if="error.addToCart">{{ error.addToCart.message }}</dIv>
</template>

<script>
export default {
  setup () {
    const { addToCart, error } = useCart()

    return {
      error
    }
  }
}
</script>
```

> There is a dedicated interface for each composable, example one for the `useCart`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a dedicated interface for each composable. Take a look at this one from the `useCart`:
```
